well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight I'm gonna start off by
reading you a message I got at least the
parts of it I can read did you effing
ban me Whistler for homosexual I should
have expected this from a spur for a
person who has relations with a black
person you're supposed to be a free
speech advocate stiller froma sexual I
didn't get to respond to you because you
blocked me on Facebook before I could so
yes yes I banned you I bans you using
racist slurs will get you banned on my
social media that's really one of the
very few rules that I have I love debate
I love arguments they're fantastic the
expressions of new thoughts and ideas
this isn't an idea and it's not a new
thought I see no reason to give people
like you a platform so you don't get one
with me take it somewhere else
you know a very
a very wise person once said that to
change society you have to change the
law I disagree
to change society had to change the way
people act and by allowing those
comments it makes it seem like I find it
tolerable I don't I don't you know a lot
of people have trouble confronting
racism you know you there's a lot of
people who while I'm not racist it's
time for those people it's passed on it
for those people who are not racist to
start being anti-racist there have been
people who are not racist for a really
long time but racism is still very very
prevalent I'm gonna give you a
historical tidbit somewhere you you
probably know somebody who believes that
in their family tree they have a
Cherokee princess you don't they don't
whoever I promise okay the Cherokee did
not have princesses period now
historians and linguists write this up
to a mistranslation of Chiefs daughter
or an important political woman see I
like what the genealogists found and I'm
going with this theory because it makes
a whole lot more sense when they started
looking for people's Cherokee princess
ancestor what they found out was that a
lot of times she wasn't even Cherokee so
what happened certainly appears is that
you're not racist white ancestor married
a native woman but she wasn't from one
of the civilized tribes that was a thing
so rather than deal with the
confrontation
he lied and said she was Cherokee and
then to help alleviate the racial
tensions well he made a royalty that's
probably where the story comes from so
it's the version of the explanation that
I like anyway I think it makes a whole
lot more sense than a series of
mistranslations by different translators
that match I'm not buying that so the
problem with confrontation has been
around for a very very long time with
not racist people and it still exists
today so I'm gonna give you a tactic I
wish I could say that I came up with
this I did and I've been using it for a
couple of years now because it's
brilliant and it works most racism you
find today is hidden in jokes it's
couched in jokes
the punchlines stuff like that you don't
have to confront them and you know I I
use this a lot in social situations
where I can't be as abrasive as I
sometimes am but just pretend like you
don't get the joke make them explain it
and then watch and eventually you'll
enjoy doing this because it's funny it
really it is I mean you know I don't get
it
well see it's funny because well there
was this famine and a bunch of Irish
people died so it works with sexism too
I don't understand
well see you know she didn't do the
dishes and domestic abuse I don't get it
and just keep saying it and watching
what happens you don't change their
heart you don't change their mind don't
change the way they think but you change
the way they act at least around you
that's all you have control over and if
everybody's doing this and
know that it's not powerful that you're
not gonna give them that platform it
goes away it goes away and this is this
is something that anybody can do even if
you are deathly afraid of confrontation
you can do this it works with your
racist family members too it changes the
way they act around you and you don't
have to have the long drawn-out fight
let's be honest you're 60 70 year old
you know relative they're they're
probably racist at least to some degree
not all of them but some of them and
you're not gonna change them they've
been that way for a long time it is
ingrained but you can change the way
they act around you you know for them to
actually change it's gonna it's gonna
take something profound most effective
thing I've ever seen is when the racist
dad becomes the grandpa to a mixed kid
all of a sudden he's not so racist at
least he doesn't show it and maybe it
actually changes the way he thinks but
it's time for those people who are not
racist to actively oppose racism and if
this is all you can do this is all you
can do anyway it's just a thought y'all
have a good night